Automatic db schema upgrade (#2039)
uyuni-project/uyuni: schema/spacewalk/update-messages.txt

SUSE Manager Database Schema Update

This patch updates the database schema.

> The changes will be applied automatically at the end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The patch will be applied automatically at the end
```

of the update.

> In case of a failure, some services are stopped or cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a failure, spacewalk services are stopped and cannot
```

> In case of a failure, spacewalk services are stopped and cannot

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't  it be `spacewalk service` as we had before?

Author: Well, there not this one spacewalk service. spacewalk-service is a systemd target and contains multiple services.

> be started util the issue was fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be started until the issue is fixed.
```

> For more information about the failure call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the failure, enter:
```

systemctl status uyuni-check-database.service

> When the schema update was applied successfully, start the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the schema update is applied successfully, start the
```

> services again with:

Reviewer 2: `service` or `services`?
